chore: add note about restoring management cluster backup (#4183)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/backup-and-restore/index.md

velero restore create --from-backup BACKUP-NAME
```

> #### Restoring Kommander Management Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Restore your DKP Management Cluster
```

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>When restoring a backup to the Kommander Management Cluster, you must adjust configuration to avoid restore errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>When restoring a backup to the DKP Management Cluster, you must adjust configuration to avoid restore errors.
```

Author: The rest of the document still uses the term `Kommander` so I think we should keep it and update with the rest of the documentation.

Reviewer: Agreed, we should review entire documents and not single lines when changing to DKP wording.

</p>

> Before running a restore make sure that the following `ResourceQuota` configuration is not configured on your cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before restoring a backup, ensure the following `ResourceQuota` setup is not configured on your cluster:
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

kubectl -n kommander delete resourcequota one-kommandercluster-per-kommander-workspace
```

> When the restore is completed, the manually removed `ResourceQuota` named `one-kommandercluster-per-kommander-workspace` will automatically be restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When completed, the manually removed `ResourceQuota` named `one-kommandercluster-per-kommander-workspace` restores automatically.
```

> You must also turn off the `Workspace` validation webhooks which would prevent restoring Workspaces with pre-configured namespaces. If the validation webhook named `kommander-validating` is present it must be modified with the command:

Reviewer: The same as before:
```suggestion
Turn off the `Workspace` validation webhooks. Otherwise, you will not restore Workspaces with pre-configured namespaces. If the validation webhook named `kommander-validating` is present, it must be modified with the command:
```
```suggestion
Turn off the `Workspace` validation webhooks to prevent restoring Workspaces with pre-configured namespaces. If the validation webhook named `kommander-validating` is present, it must be modified with the command:
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

kubectl patch validatingwebhookconfigurations kommander-validating \
  --type json \
  --patch '[
    {
      "op": "remove",
      "path": "/webhooks/0/rules/3/operations/0"
    }
  ]'
```

> When the restore is completed, you must re-add the removed `CREATE` webhook rule operation with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the backup is completed, re-add the removed `CREATE` webhook rule operation with:
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
